Add notes about add hosts on cloud (#1501)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/2.quick-start/3.1add-storage-hosts.md

!!! compatibility

    - Starting from Nebula Graph 3.0.0, you have to run `ADD HOSTS` before reading or writing data into the Storage Service.

>     - In earlier versions and Nebula Graph Cloud clusters, `ADD HOSTS` is not needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For Nebula Graph of versions earlier than 3.0.0 and Nebula Graph Cloud clusters, `ADD HOSTS` is not needed. 
```

Author: Great!
